feat: Create documentation to help user to schedule periodic Integration tests (#237)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/testing/integration/periodic-integration-tests.adoc

=== Procedure with example

This procedure assumes that you already have an integration test created and a ServiceAccount available in your namespace.

. Create a `Role` and `RoleBinding` to grant the necessary snapshot access to the ServiceAccount, which will be used to trigger the periodic Integration Tests

[source,yaml]
kind: Role
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: periodic-jobs-role
  namespace: <tenant-name>
rules:
  - verbs:
      - get
      - watch
      - list
      - update
      - patch
    apiGroups:
      - appstudio.redhat.com
    resources:
      - snapshots
---
kind: RoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: periodic-jobs-rolebinding
  namespace: <tenant-name>
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: <service-account-name>
    namespace: rhtap-build-tenant
roleRef:
  kind: Role
  name: periodic-jobs-role
  apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io

. Create a CronJob that will trigger a Periodic via snaphot labels

> [source,yaml]

Reviewer: Can you describe what this CronJob does? You can use the `<.>` keys to refer to specific points in the yaml file if you want to describe it in footnotes (see other pages for reference).

Author: Oh! I will! Thank you

Author: @arewm Im about to move this cronjob example to tekton-integration-catalog. OR should I keep it here? Is to much content

Author: see https://github.com/flacatus/tekton-integration-catalog/blob/samples/samples/periodic-integration-tests/periodic-integration-tests.yaml

= Triggering Periodic Integration Tests

In {ProductName}, you can run integration tests on a schedule using Kubernetes CronJobs.

== Procedure

To trigger a periodic Integration Test, complete the following steps:

. Create an integration test by following the xref:how-tos/testing/integration/creating.adoc[Creating a integration test guide].

[NOTE]
====

> If the Integration Test is designed to run periodically rather than during Pull Request checks or post-merge, you need to add the *disabled* xref:how-tos/testing/integration/creating.adoc[context] to the Integration Test.

Reviewer 2: I think that the better link would be to `Choosing when to run certain integration tests`.
```suggestion
If the Integration Test is designed to run periodically rather than during Pull Request checks or post-merge, you need to add the *disabled* xref:how-tos/testing/integration/choosing-contexts.adoc[context] to the Integration Test.
```

> If the Integration Test is designed to run periodically rather than during Pull Request checks or post-merge, you need to add the *disabled* xref:how-tos/testing/integration/choosing-contexts.adoc[context] to the Integration Test.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the Integration Test is designed to only run periodically rather than during Pull Request checks or post-merge, you need to add the *disabled* xref:how-tos/testing/integration/choosing-contexts.adoc[context] to the Integration Test.
```

====

. Create RBAC rules in your tenant to allow CronJob ServiceAccount to access snapshot.

. Create a link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/cron-jobs/[CronJob] that will trigger periodic Integration Tests via xref:how-tos/testing/integration/rerunning.adoc[snapshot labels].

=== Procedure with example

This procedure assumes that you already have an integration test created and a ServiceAccount available in your tenant.

. Create a `Role` and `RoleBinding` to grant the necessary snapshot access to the ServiceAccount, which will be used to trigger the periodic Integration Tests
[source,yaml]
kind: Role
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: periodic-jobs-role
  namespace: default-tenant
rules:
  - verbs:
      - get
      - watch
      - list
      - update
      - patch
    apiGroups:
      - appstudio.redhat.com
    resources:
      - snapshots
---
kind: RoleBinding
apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1
metadata:
  name: periodic-jobs-rolebinding
  namespace: default-tenant
subjects:
  - kind: ServiceAccount
    name: default-tenant
    namespace:
roleRef:
  kind: Role
  name: periodic-jobs-role

>   apiGroup: rbac.authorization.k8s.io

Reviewer: I think you are missing the dashes around this to group it as the source.

Author: @arewm If I put dashes the sentence `. Create a CronJob that will trigger a Periodic via snapshot labels.` will appear like 1. Create a Cr... instead of 2. Create a CronJob...

                              | length > 0)
                              ))
                          | sort_by(.metadata.creationTimestamp) | last | .metadata.name')

                  if [[ -z "${LATEST_SNAPSHOT}" || "${LATEST_SNAPSHOT}" == "null" ]]; then
                    echo -e "[ERROR] No valid snapshot found. The job will not be triggered."
                    exit 1
                  fi

                  echo -e "[INFO] Triggering test scenario ${KONFLUX_SCENARIO_NAME} from snapshot ${LATEST_SNAPSHOT}."

                  kubectl -n "${KONFLUX_TENANT_NAME}" label snapshot "${LATEST_SNAPSHOT}" test.appstudio.openshift.io/run="${KONFLUX_SCENARIO_NAME}"

                  echo "[INFO] Integration Service E2E tests successfully triggered!"
          serviceAccountName: default
          serviceAccount: default
----
<.> The name of the tenant.
<.> The Integration Test name to be triggered by the CronJob.
<.> The tenant from where to annotate the component snapshot to trigger Periodic Integration Test.
<.> The {ProductName} application name associated with the Integration Test that will be triggered by the CronJob.
<.> The {ProductName} componet name.

> Once the CronJob is triggered you should see your integration tests pipelines executing in {ProductName} UI.

Reviewer: You will see it immediately? Or only after some time (i.e. after the cron has triggered)?
